Combined personal website new (#4208)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/personal-websites.md

(cm-personal-websites)=
# Personal Websites

(cm-personal-websites-prerequisites)=
## Prerequisites

| Prerequisite | Importance | Skill Level | Notes |
| -------------|----------|------|----|
| [](#rr-open) | Helpful | Beginner | An understanding of open research practices is useful for creating a personal website. |
| [](#cm-blogs) | Helpful | Beginner | Blogs for research communication can be part of a personal website. |

(cm-personal-websites-summary)=
## Summary

This chapter explores the importance and benefits of a personal website for researchers.

> It provides a general structure with common components and content guidelines for this resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides a general structure with common components and content suggestions for developing personal websites.
```

Then, coding and non-coding website generators with different levels of complexity are discussed, explaining their features and differences.
Several deployment options and maintenance strategies are also presented, helping researchers to choose the best solution for their needs.
Finally, the chapter concludes with a list of additional resources.

(cm-personal-websites-motivation)=
## Motivation and Background

A personal website is an online space where researchers can share their work and additional interests with a broad audience.
It can serve as a platform to present research findings, projects, talks, publications, CV or resume, and other professional information.

> But this space is not necessarily limited to the academic content; it can also be a place to share personal interests, hobbies, and other activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But this space is not necessarily limited to academic content; it can also be a place to share personal interests, hobbies, and other activities.
```
